Update K8s log collection logic (#4886)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/daemonset_setup.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

The Datadog Agent follows the below logic to know where logs should be picked up from:

> 1. The Agent looks for the Docker socket, if available it collects logs from there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Agent looks for the Docker socket, if available it collects logs from there.
```

> 2. If not available, it looks for `/var/log/pods` and if available collects logs from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If Docker socket is not available, the Agent looks for `/var/log/pods` and if available collects logs from there.
```
